Add support for collections (#90)
yiisoft/hydrator: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.3.0 under development

> - New #49: Add support for collections:
>   - Add `Collection` attribute with handler for using with parameters;
>   - Add hydrator dependency to `ParameterAttributeResolveContext` and `ParameterAttributesHandler`.                         
>   (@arogachev) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New #49: Add `Collection` PHP attribute (@arogachev)
- New #49: Add hydrator dependency and `withHydrator()` method to `ParameterAttributesHandler` (@arogachev)
- New #49: Add hydrator dependency and `getHydrator()` method to `ParameterAttributeResolveContext` (@arogachev)
```

## 1.3.0 under development

> - New #49: Add support for collections (@arogachev) 

Reviewer: Add info about new attribute and changes in attribute handling classes
